I think there's something wrong with me
thank too much it's dangerous Bobby
you're scaring me what's going on
you might be homosexual
he's not I know if we trust in God we
can get through this it's terrible with
his help we still love you Bobby
yeah thanks
I told you wanted to get your arm makes
you look like a girl
accept me as I am will forget it I won't
have a gay son many moms don't have a
son
bobby was a good young man he was long
we all made mistakes but it's done he's
gone we're not gonna bring it back I
need to make peace with this and I can't
what do you tell people who come here
that homosexuality is ok I tell them
what I believe to be the truth that God
loves them as they are
Oh
Bobby's death was direct result of his
parents ignorant
you